# Overview
The PROVES kit "1U" structure was designed around maximum customizability. With sixteen unique positions, several boards can fit inside to fulfill most mission requirements. The structure is laser cut, bent, and anodized Aluminum sheet metal, and is even strong enough to withstand the weight of a fully grown adult! Primary holes on the structure not joined with a bracket or hardware internally contain pressed PEM-Nuts for easy external mounting. The main structure was designed to be separate halves that are joined together by brackets and Printed Circuit Boards.
## Utilized Parts
The battery board flown on the Pleiades-Yearling and Pleiades-Squared missions. The board serves as an interface with the rest of the satellite. A 12 position picolock is utilized to interface between the Flight Controller and the Battery Board. The board interfaces with 5 solar faces of the satellite using 5 position picolocks. The other 2 position picolocks are used for interfacing with the inhibit scheme, battery heater, burn wire, and direct charging port. The hardware utilized on the module is the following:
<div class="result" markdown>
- **LT3652 MPPT Solar Charger** is utilized to charge the batteries up from the solar faces. The Solar Charging circuitry should only allow higher potentials to be fed to the battery, and allow no reverse current into the charging circuitry.
- **PCA9685 LED Driver** is utilized to toggle the power to each of the solar faces. In the event that a sensor or other component fails on a face, it makes it possible to isolate the problem and power down the face.
- **TCA9548 I2C Multiplexer** is implemented to allow the use of a single I2C bus from the flight computer. This I2C bus can then get multiplexed to the solar faces. This allows the sensors on all of the faces to be the exact same, maintain the same addresses, and still be individually addressable. Two of the multiplexed lines are unused, 5 are used for each solar face, and 1 is used to breakout a stemma QT connection for additional sensors or I2C devices.
- **TPS54226PWP Switching Voltage Regulator** is utilized to maximize the efficiency of the system, and generate less heat central to the system. A 3.3V bus is created from the battery voltage and circuitry inspired by the PyCubed has been implemented to allow the satellite to reset the 3.3V bus. This functionality is known as the "One Shot" Regulator Reset that with a logic "High" applied, the 3.3V bus will shutdown and restart momentarily.
- **TPS7A4501 LDO Voltage Regulator** is implemented to supply 5V to the radio on the flight controller. This bus voltage can be toggled by an input taken from the flight controller.
- **(2) INA219 Power Monitors** are implemented to measure the power supplied from the solar cells, and the power dropped across the system. This data is fed back via the I2C bus to the flight controller
- **PTC2075 Temperature Sensor** is utilized to obtain ambient temperature readings from inside the satellite.
- **R5460N208AA** is utilized to disconnect the negative side of the batteries from the system in overcharge and overdischarge events.
- **APAN3109 Relay** is implemented to allow current to flow to the battery heater and burn wire MOSFETS.
</div>
